[Music]
where did you go you will never be king
Chris no matter how many times you fart
me away but that's still your crown and
everything oh now I'm gonna stab the
like button
nope I killed it oh you ready for this
Chris we're gonna sneak up on Mr King
King here we're just okay
oh nothing okay here we go we'll get you
punk we're gonna shoot me we'll get you
yes I dip this oh I called it I knew he
was gonna look
oh god
oh we're coming good Barry yeah luckily
our parents were very fertile all right
wait there's a prophecy did you see
there's a painting in the background
that's how he knew he knew oh maybe
that's how he's passing and he's like oh
she probably trick behind me it's a good
idea that's a good idea he just has that
Post-It note on the wall this is look
for stabbers oh yeah people gonna do
that that's why you have the paintings
commission I'm so nervous dang it he
doesn't look good all right hey I'm just
gonna wait look look he's right behind
you he's there he's there
I'm trying to get the look okay there we
go okay there you go yeah there's no way
he's gonna look again this quickly oh
[Music]
hooked up and I panicked
come on oh they're really piling up down
there aren't they you know what I'm just
going for it I'm just going for it yeah
look at him okay his eye actually
started to turn around okay that's a
good that's a good signal all right I
just gotta I just gotta stare at him
okay that's uh that's a red herring yeah
oh yeah
you keep what you killed now I'm
absorbed him and pooped them out no he's
just there like lazy Kirby oh no Chris
oh no Poetic Justice
suck it nerds
oh okay I guess I can't look at him oh
The Peasants are revolting what do they
want what do you want you can talk to
the dungeon with the wait they forgot
one wait wait a second are we getting
older yeah we are getting older Chris
that's our life up on the top I see you
punk look at my big Gray beard isn't it
bushy this dungeon is just filling up
this guy he looks nice oh I'm confused
are we the villagers now are we the king
we're the king Chris I thought we were
trying to kill us no we became the king
God I don't think we're a good kid oh
god oh no you idiot who's this supposed
to see that coming who would have
thought sneaking doesn't work but being
loud obnoxious and running full force at
him that's how you I was done ooh
marching bands are so deadly all right I
guess we gotta go stabbing again go
ahead turn around you big chin turn
around it does kind of look like John
Goodman
he heard you say that he was like I was
in Flintstones I had Roseanne hey gang
come on baby
yeah yeah we got him there John Goodman
be the racer was a terrible movie just
kidding I really like that movie use it
Speed Racer
he's funny
oh my God speed racer I can't help it
this guy looks fancy is he hey is
everyone gonna stab me or some of them
like tricks and they're not because then
I'm just throwing in some people in the
dungeon that's what things do they all
do look like they're about to stab me so
I feel like okay if anyone who doesn't
have a weapon maybe I'll let him go what
about that guy hello what's he up to
the attention with you
big old fingernail okay yeah this guy
doesn't do it that that guy's good that
guy's good no he's just gonna tap my
he's serving me a beverage
see the other guy had green and green is
poison wait are the peasants revolting
or are they just coming to like say hi
that guy's definitely gonna kill you the
president's throw him in the dungeon
they always forget the third guy well he
was looking down he wasn't doing
anything oh okay
I really want to test it sometimes I
want to start doing voices for him all
this guy looks like he's like a knight
or something and I'm going to I'm going
to Knight him
I don't think he's gonna stab me he's
wearing pink oh wait the more innocence
we throw in jail the older we get oh
okay there we go we just are we going
off to die no we're not that old yet no
we're young again
going with the purple stairs Fountain of
you it's just not murdering people oh my
is this a crowd with a giant sword on it
that's amazing
I think we were always a villain Chris
we kept stabbing the king that's not
that villainous the little villainous
all right so I think we got one ending I
think there's a bunch of different ones
you just caught us again dang it no
we're the stabber you were really her
having trouble keeping track of the lore
here aren't you I'm stupid okay we're
not an Old King got it ooh that was a
close one I got away with it though I
saw his eye start to turn
[Music]
haberdasher yeah he makes clothes for
men excuse me sorry that happens when
you die all right this guy definitely
looks like he's gonna kill me no matter
what so I must throw him in jail oh dang
it he wasn't why he didn't wind up
enough oh he's sneaky go on now yeah
don't let the doors hit you where God
split you yeah with a good old split
yeah wait wait let's see what happens
with these guys
are coming
Scythe I knew it we were the villagers
we went wait a second can I see Chris
down there in that crowd you were in on
it that's me right there look they're
right here let's go everybody Krista the
head of the peasant Revolt I always said
you were revolting well that felt mean
I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm sorry my mom's calling your mom
they're the same mom oh crap why does
she have two phones
mom's got a little cuckoo magombo if you
ask me stop Stop in the Name of Love
oh they're trying to get me a stupid
scar man this guy looks too cute what's
he gonna do it looks like Chris and he's
trying to hug me I'm a tickle you right
now yeah
you're right oh what the heck is it
raining steaks
what's wrong with our children
okay I have this brings out more
questions than answers I don't I I don't
know what's going on right now no Mr
hugs no Huggies
I don't want to marry you yeah I've seen
that life our kids are weird
oh it goes away
look at that age though
gross we're about to die
I was lucky we're gonna die of old age
boy this guy could even do anything wait
was he not trying to kill us anymore
that's weird
that works I didn't technically have to
do anything didn't murder him murdered
this fool though
oh come on get into this shot another
I'm rushing at him just rushing at him
Russia man you gotta deserve him
sometimes
[Music]
stupid scar man let this guy go through
let this guy go through oh he's gonna
maybe he's the joke he's trying to make
me laugh he's trying to make me laugh
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
you did it Chris you murdered him well
done get out of here you pulled me Chris
the girl chandelier ah the Knight you
fool oh this is how I wanted it to end
he's gonna get you good he does not look
how calm he is his eyes are closed and
everything this look he actually looks
like how a king should I know it looks
like Obi-Wan Kenobi
Kenobi King
even his underwear had crowns on it yeah
he was born for this his underwear was
born for the Big King
hey we only got one of them yeah this
tree can't can't blame these guys for
just being friends with that guy what
are you doing about castle you didn't
wipe your feet get out of here your
peasants you're sticking me I feel again
I think this guy's cool excuse me he's
my god dude I think he's I think he's
chill okay
my desire to go further in this game is
conflicted but I'm a desire to see dead
Chris's
spoiler alert I died okay all right I'll
let this guy roll okay
he's definitely gonna poison you right
yeah probably because he's got green and
red he's dude oh yeah well done oh geez
that's okay
you know I see why you kill me all the
time see top this is pretty fun
oh geez all right now we know this guy
sucks now Chris what
[Music]
doesn't mean I should be hit by it
maybe don't have the big green vial of
poison yeah maybe that leaves that in
the house you'll know the kitchen this
guy just gives you wine right he's cool
he's cool man but I want him to go to
jail oh be cool
[Music]
it's great it's cooling get that on my
side
it was a health Elixir oh
Patrick I'm waiting until the very end
now got you off
solid oh look at that one two three
[Music]
ah that gives me flashbacks I don't want
to I don't want to if you try to hug me
I will you're on chandelier watch by the
way I'm on chandelier Duty I'm my eyes
are locked on the top right sometimes
it's a sword too I'll keep your price no
chandelier no chandelier no chandelier
no chandelier no chandelier no
chandelier no chandelier no Chandler is
this helping kind of yeah actually a
little bit because there's a sword up
there don't stop on her okay you need
your Elixir soon got it oh the next guy
better having the wine otherwise you are
dead as a today no it's Captain poison
but what's that as heck man come on I'm
going to wait I'm going to wait oh I'm
gonna die at the door again oh you're
gonna have a heart attack ah you stupid
King
we've got a lovely Boys in here
it's a vintage poison your fruit punch
sir
the boys
didn't make you younger look now you're
bar isn't going down at all I'm
invincibles now this is it Chris this is
the one this is the one I don't think
you're Invincible chandelier
chandelier watch don't stop under it
just keep walking by it no no no no no
you have to walk past it Chris do not
stop under it I think maybe blood hold
ah and jail time oh that was way too
tense my dog sucks freaking out it's
okay how is that the [__] Factor five
man oh my goodness
I think I don't know a Jester we're
gonna be king forever bring back cream
of noctis excuse me
oh excuse me in here
look at him he's holding his breath oh
God
I'm King I did it put my head on that
everybody yes look at this King all here
King Chris I'm king of the world first
of his name the Royal Fox is my legacy
leave a like your message
there's like a slightly different
version of this game I want to try too
there's a couple different ones we'll
try it if you leave 12 trillion likes
why and comments I love you man I am
good at killing y'all heard him say that
right you can't use that evidence no
one's recording this right